The city of Milan, in northern Italy,
recently hosted
an important international event
—Expo Milano 2015.
It was an exposition
that lasted for six months
with 145 participant nations
and 20 million visitors
arriving from every corner of the earth.
What did Jehovah’s Witnesses do
in order to spread
the good news
to such a vast number of people?
Mobile witnessing carts
were set up at strategic points
around the main entrance of the Expo.
Four hundred and fifty Witness volunteers
were instructed on how to spread
the message to the thousands of passersby.
The theme of this Expo
was “Feeding the Planet, Energy for Life.”
And, in line with this,
arrangements were made
to reprint the series of articles
that appeared
in a 2012 issue of Awake! magazine.
The series was entitled
“Is Your Food Really Safe?”
Of course, most of the visitors
would find accommodations in the city.
Therefore, congregations
in and around Milan
made an effort to contact all the hotels
in the area to offer the staff
and their guests
an opportunity to read
this special edition of Awake!
on food and nutrition.
At first, some brothers were nervous
they wouldn’t be received well,
but the reaction
of most of the hotel administrators
was very encouraging.
Almost everyone was happy
to accept a copy of the magazine.
Thanks to your cooperation,
each month the magazines were brought to us.
It has sparked interest because people
—clients, the guests—
can find an interesting magazine
to look at in their own language,
and they nearly always run out of
the magazines by the end of the week.
Was it worth the effort?
Well, in a period of just six months,
over 360,000 magazines
were placed
—244,000 of which were
the special issue dedicated to food.
And to date, 892 people
have asked to be recontacted.
In the past few years,
the community of Jehovah’s Witnesses
has become much more visible
in the city of Milan.
It’s not unusual to see them
with their carts,
even in the more central areas of the city.
And I must say, they’re always smiling,
polite, and well-dressed.
They have adopted a new method.
Now it’s the passersby
who decide whether to stop
and take one of the items on display
or have a brief conversation.
The Milanese people
really like this method.
The topics presented
are always very timely.
The display about food
really stands out.
It brings to mind the general theme
of the Expo—feed the planet.
I must say, it’s a great initiative.
I was able to speak
to a couple visiting from China,
and I gave them a copy
of the special issue of Awake!
After having explained to them
that we are volunteers,
to my great surprise,
they invited me to have lunch with them.
We had a really nice conversation
for around three hours,
during which they asked me
a lot of questions.
I left them the book
What Does the Bible Really Teach?,
and it was lovely to see
how they agreed that the Bible
really can improve people’s lives.
A tourist from Argentina already reads
our magazines regularly in her country.
When she saw our carts,
she immediately recognized our magazines,
and then she took a copy
of the special June 2012 issue.
She exclaimed,
“I like your magazines
because they make a person
a good person!”
A school teacher,
accompanied by her students,
noticed our special issue
of the Awake! magazine
and told her students
to each take a copy
because later on they would consider it
in a class discussion.
Other school teachers present
did the same,
so that in just a few minutes,
we distributed 70 magazines.
A specially equipped bicycle
was used to ride back and forth
between the storeroom and the carts.
As a result, the magazines were available
7 days a week, 12 hours a day.
How encouraging it is to make the most
of every opportunity
to praise Jehovah!
There really is
no better way to use our time.